# PIP 003 - Sending Email As-A-Service
The scope of this proposal is to build a web app that is capable of sending
anonymous email in exchange for a BCH payment. Requiring payment would reduce
the risk of spam, which has prevented such services from existing in the past.

This service builds on top of the IPFS hosting proposal
in [PIP 002](002.IPFS-file-hosting.md). It uses the IPFS file upload as a
data transport.

The scheme below is constructed to allow both the end user *and* the server to
remain anonymous. The email server interacts directly with the the blockchain,
so divulging the IP address is prevented which eliminates many risks, such as
DDOS attacks or physical threats.

# Workflow
The general workflow for the proposed scheme is as follows:

- An end-user web-based UI allows users to draft an anonymous email. When the
user is ready to send the email, they are presented with a BCH address for
payment.

- Once the payment is sent to the address, the web app would encrypt the data and
upload it to an IPFS hosting provider. It would receive the IPFS hash and pay
for the hosting fee.

- The web app would then send a transaction to a BCH address associated with
the email service. This transaction would include an OP_RETURN output following
the [memo.cash protocol](https://memo.cash/protocol). The message would
contain the IPFS hash of the email data.

- The email server would detect this OP_RETURN transaction and retrieve the
email data from the IPFS network. It would then decrypt the data and generate
an email from the data.
