# PIP 001 - Token Liquidity API
This improvement proposal would increase the feature set of
the [token-liquidity app](https://github.com/Permissionless-Software-Foundation/token-liquidity) used
to exchange BCH for PSF tokens and vice-versa. While the general idea of the
app is that a user sends it BCH and the app automatically receives tokens
(or vice versa), the app has no way to direct that the tokens be sent to
a different address, instead of the address originating the payment. To add
this functionality, two types of API are proposed.

- The token-liquidity app is based on web server technology. A REST API could
easily be added to automate the buying and selling of tokens. The difference
from the current implementation is that this REST API could be used to
specify the destination address for the transaction.

  - One main feature of the token-liquidity app is that it communicates directly
  with the blockchain. As a result, it can not be censored or DDOSed. Opening
  up a REST API would remove these benefits.

- An OP_RETURN specification, similar to
the [memo.cash protocol](https://memo.cash/protocol), could be created so
that a destination address can be specified in the OP_RETURN message. This
would give the token-liquidity app the ability to send the output to a specified
address without exposing the server to the internet.

  - An extension to an OP_RETURN specification would be a command to specify
  that the tokens should be burned. By sending BCH to the token-liquidity app,
  then instructing the app to burn the token output, it increases the price of
  the remaining tokens. This would provide a convenient, BCH-only (no tokens)
  way for apps to pay a fee to the PSF foundation.

  An app, developed and distributed by the PSF, is envisioned that would
  provide a single payment address for the end
  user. When paid, the app would split the UTXO into two new UTXOs. The first
  would be sent to the service provider, and a small percentage would be sent
  to the token-liquidity app to support the Permissionless Software Foundation.
  
