# PIP 004 - Tor Website Curated Database
The scope of this proposal is to create a web app that presents a curated
list of Tor websites. Tor websites are notoriously ephemeral. This web app
would function much as a search engine, but instead of crawling websites, the
website owners would pay a small BCH fee to be listed. Economically incentivized
parties would work together to curate the list and create a good user experience.

There are four economic actors in this scheme:
- Users: End users are looking for tor websites that provide unique services
or content.

- Site Owners: owners of Tor websites that would like to make their site easier
for Users to find.

- Mirror Nodes: a web app that help spread the p2p database containing the
curated list of Tor websites. Each Mirror Node maintains its own database of
websites, but will coordinate with other Mirror Nodes to sync the data in their
lists. It provides the following features:
  - A UI for Users to browse the list of Tor websites.
  - A UI for Site Owners to add their site to the database. Site Owners pay
  the Mirror Node for this privilege.

- Software Developers: the role played by the PSF. PSF developers would create,
maintain, and distribute the Mirror Node software. When a Site Owner pays a
Mirror Node to be added to the database, a small percentage of the transaction
is sent to the PSF token-liquidity app in order to burn tokens and increase
the price of the PSF token, as per [PIP 001](./001.token-liquidity-API.md).

The relationship between the User, Site Owner, and Mirror Node is explained
in more detail in the article [Hybrid P2P Networks](https://honest.cash/v2/christroutner/hybrid-p2p-networks-1051).

### Spec
I've started a rough draft of specifications for this app:
- Back end spec for maintaining a list of servers: https://github.com/BCH-Consolidating-CoinJoin/ccoinjoin-mirror/issues/9
- A REST API spec for signing up for an account: https://github.com/BCH-Consolidating-CoinJoin/ccoinjoin-mirror/issues/8
- A basic user interface: https://github.com/BCH-Consolidating-CoinJoin/ccoinjoin-mirror/issues/10
